feat: create-hillshade template TDE-1369 (#960)
linz/topo-workflows: templates/topo-imagery/README.md

# Topo-Imagery templates

## topo-imagery/generate-hillshade - `tpl-create-hillshade`

Template for creating hillshades from TIFFs (DEM).  
See [generate_hillshade.py](https://github.com/linz/topo-imagery/pull/1253)

> This `WorkflowTemplate` is also calling other templates in order to prepare the call of `linz/topo-imagery/generate_hillshade.py` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `WorkflowTemplate` is also calling other templates in order to create the inputs of the `linz/topo-imagery/generate_hillshade.py` script:
```

1. `tile-index-validate` to create a list of tiles with their source TIFF files

> 2. `group` to split the list created into grouped tiles for parallelism processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `group` to split the list created into grouped tiles for parallel processing
```

> It allows to generate multiple types of hillshade from the same source of TIFF files as the `preset` parameter expects a list of hillshade presets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows generating multiple types of hillshade from the same source TIFF files, as the `preset` parameter expects a list of hillshade presets.
```

### Template usage

```yaml
- name: create-hillshade
  templateRef:
    name: tpl-create-hillshade
    template: main
  arguments:
    parameters:
        - name: source

>             value: 's3://nz-elevation/new-zealand/new-zealand-contour/dem_8m/2193/'

Reviewer: The indentation for the values in the usage example should be in line with the name.
